this traditional Malaysian dish is an
absolute treat this Malaysian curry
involves a very own spice blend to start
off with made of macadamia nuts like a
pesto it marinates prawns we're going to
cook out some mussels in coconut milk
and serve it with some hard-boiled eggs
very low we're going on then lots of
flavor but actually bite a quick dish
excellent okay to start with the paste
we've got ginger and garlic if you can
peel or anyone about that much ginger
both cloves of garlic I'm going to do
the same with shalat chili and
lemongrass then we put all those
ingredients into a blender and make a
paste with some fish sauce some oil and
little bit salt pepper so this is a
pretty standard combination but we're
also going to add macadamia nuts into it
okay the same way you might add pine
nuts of a pest it makes quite a put a
grainy paste right so all these flavors
can go in macadamia nuts are for those
share the Mosel all right please do
thank you even better roasted but might
as they are to help blend it all a
little bit of oil the oils are just not
just any of this is ground nut oil man
but anything that you can fry it high
temperatures so not an olive oil and
some fish sauce later on and make our
pace plug it in you wouldn't think we've
been doing this for a few years would
you leave I want to make our paste
there we go now hold for this paste
we're going to use to marinate our
prawns right the longer you can do this
ahead of cooking time the better they
can have this time overnight brilliant
it's not essential you can just mix
those all in there yep the other half
will cook off straightaway in the wok in
just a moment and this just intensifies
the flavor of the prawns yes and they
going to go in last minutes and the
pools then it comes up a rubbery and
overcooked and when you get that fresh
flavor from the paste as well as that
much of Cooktown lovely also we need to
cook off some eggs so hard-boiled eggs
often serve cut up and put inside of the
laksa four of these can go into there
and they need about seven or eight
minutes of just shy of hard-boiled okay
in the meantime in the meantime we can
heat up a wok shot of oil and start with
the rest of our paste that all goes into
our wok suddenly stop comes together
really quickly now it's quite a quick
one but option we need to cook our
mussels
yeah that will take a while our eggs are
still cooking so we're not it's not as
quick as a stir fry but it's a pretty
speaking to you we're adding to our walk
a little curry powder half a chicken
stock cube
yeah isn't going to add in some chicken
stock in the fourth quarter lovely
really smells doesn't it in a good way
yes oh yeah in a good way it's like fish
sauce the lemongrass coming through yeah
all the coconut milk can go in there as
well and then our mussels now these are
fresh mussels yeah we've done is washed
them debated them check they're all
still alive by the fact they close up do
you boo them shape kids a quick shave
and then they can go in as well so all
of those juices you have a brilliant
that's where all the flavor is so they
can all go in there make the most of
your muscle juice
people do is the way for which they're
all to learn from this that's most of
the flavor in there now so bring it up
to a boil put a lid on it to steam those
mussels open and after about two or
three minutes we can move on to the next
stage now we can drain off our eggs and
then chill them down to put me to cold
water next and they stay in cold water
for as long as they were in the hot
water for right correct yes I'm learning
and we can cook operons the prawns have
been marinated not for very long we
could have done them overnight would be
better this is fine boomers just being
lazy and then those prawns can go under
a very hot grill won't need long just
two or three minutes oh well it's a
bubbling feast
to which we can put our final things out
rice noodles which are good to go our
bean sprouts as well last-minute cookie
you want to keep that crunch I love
being special salads brought yes and you
want to keep that crunch the last few of
our macadamia nuts you can just roughly
chop those I a few of them and our fresh
coriander you can just slice that up
finish off balance out all those flavors
fresh juice of a lime pretty much good
to go both of these in at the same time
we're gonna sprinkle those on top in
just a moment okay and then just before
we start peeling our eggs we can get
some of this plated up mmm leaving
plenty of room in the middle for our
prawns now on our website we've got
loads of curries from all around the
world so go check them out it's sausage
food calm our eggs now hard-boiled or
just crack them on a board and just peel
them of our eggs take the pallet into
quarters
grab those prawns out some of our
amazing prawns one-stop and they are in
fact I would straight okay you won't get
awake and amazing pace just of all those
fresh flavors and Wow
I can imagine how much better they would
be if you had marinated them overnight
they get better and better but they're
pretty good as they are
Wow and then look out beautiful eggs on
top well not necessarily waiter served
but I think the color is amazing
savor that perfect yolk book about not
too runny not too hard
damn it and the final sprinkle coriander
and a few academi nuts you had chopped
up and that is our version of a seafood
laksa sorted
it's being a professed some prawns and
some of the soup mm-hmm the nuts gives
that kind of grainy richness so much
flavor in that that is amazing
on the egg kind of unusual but
traditional in Malaysia and it works
really well
Thank You Bellator I love it